NEED HELP?
1. Emerhency assistance
    Please call +84 28 7300 2312 for immediate assistance by Emerhency Medical Assistance (EMA). Emerhency medical evacuation and repatriation will aslo be organized by EMA. Coverd expenses will be paid directly to EMA by Liberty, subject to the policy terms and condidtions.
2. Claims procedure
    All claims notification/documents must be sent to Liberty within 30 days after the occurrence of any event which may give rise to a claim. Please call our 24/7 Customer Service Center necall 1800 599 998 for further assistance.
INPORTANT NOTES:
    The premium rates are effective from May 1st, 2019 and are applicable to standard risks only.
    The summary in this brochure supports customers to evaluate the benefits of Liberty TravelCare insurance. Reasonable and customary charges will apply too any benefit payment.
    This brochure is for reference only. For complete details of plan benefits, conditions, limitations and exclusions, please refer to the policy schedule, wording and endorsement(s), copies of which will be provided upon request.

TRAVEL REGIONS
    ASEAN: Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and East Timor.
    Asia Pacific: ASEAN, China, Hongkong, Taiwan, Korea, Japan, India, Sir Lanka, Pakiatan, Australia and New Zealand.
    Worldwide: All countries except those under sanctions or embargoes by the United Nations, the United States of America, the European Union, and the United Kingdom (currently including Cuba, Iran, Noth Korea, Sudan and Syria)
ELGIBILITY CRITERIA
    Definition of Family:
        For Single Trip policies: 
            Up to 2 adults and any number of the children departing from and returning to Vietnam at the same time.
            The child(ren) must be related to either of the insured adults.
        For Annual policies:  
            Up to 2 adults who are legal spouses and any number of children.
            The child(ren) must be accompanied by either of the insured adults in any trip during the Period of Insurance.
        Children: 
            Maximum 17 years old; no limit on number of children in a family.
    Age limit at inception:
        Maximum 08 years old.
    Citizenship: 
        This policy is only available to Vietnamese citizens and permanent residents in Vietnam.
    Length of trip: 
        For single trip travel insurance opolicies, the leangth of a trip shall not exceed 186 days.
        For annual travel insurance policies, there is no limit no the number of trips during the Period of Insurance. However, the length of a trip shall not exceed 90 days.
MAHOR EXCLUSIONS
    1. Any pre-existing condition or excluded illness.
    2. Treatment arising from stress, anxiety, depression, nervous, psychiatric and mental conditions or disorder.
    3. Intentional self-injury, suicide or attempted suicide or insanity.
    4. Any professional sport, racing and competitions of any kind, rock or mountain climbing involving the use of ropes or equipment, hang gliding, skydiving or parachuting.
    5. The use of alcohol or drugs not prescribed by a medical practitioner.
    6. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) or any HIV related illness including AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) or any mutant deriations or their complications.
    7. Sexually transmitted diseases.
    8. Contraception, miscarriage, childbirth, pregnancy, abortion or their complications.
    9. Any expenses in repect of treatment of or operation undertaken as a preventive measure, e.g. vaccination, circumcision, inoculation and the like.
    10. Dental treatment (except necessitated by an accidental injury to sound and natural teeth)
